Citizens of Ahmedngar sent invitation to me with the love.
We all are very thankful to all of you for that.
in that also
ahmednagar district is very special for me.
Because the work started and spreading at rahuri.
from that, we get to know that some special spritual work done in the past in this district.
Also maharahtra is one of, spiritual land.
So that many saints took their birth here and did lot of work.
Atlast I want to tell you, we know that sai nath did beautiful work in ahmednagar.
All this preparation done in human from ancient days.
Human grown up from ameoba and today he reached to this direction
That today he is thinking about god.
why he is grown from ameoba to this state?
Why all these efforts were taken on him?
Today, after he came to human state, he is completed or not?
For which he is leave the human condition from the amoeba
After coming to that state he knows everything.
curiosity about the god in him
There is some curiosity and eagerness. And every human being think that there some power is present in the universe named god almighty.
How he know this and from where he get know about this  power?
He wrote many books about that.
Worshipped saints and also troubled them.
human being like this has some meaning
Proably no one took this much efforts unnecessary. atleast god cant do this.
If imagine that we made this instrument, first we made foundation then we did all arrangement for the instrument
Then you will easily ask mataji what is this and for whom and what will happen to it?
All this should do and all this preparation should do.
And after every preparation is done.
When we connect it to mains.Then it will execute.
So is human. God created man for this purpose.
That too is a great instrument of god.
Not only this but he created such abeautiful instrument that this instrument knows what is  God.
He(shri mataji talkin about mike) dont know still I am speaking from this. Who made this (the mike) he also dont know.
Awareness (Chetana) is not present in this (mike). But god first given this Awareness to the human being.
And then after enlighten this awareness, he can get to know that why god was created me.
And then his energy will start flowing from his hands incessantly.
And that energy is nothing but this pulsation.
Now it is very easy to say. As Mr.chavan said is true that this will happen in a second.
Really only in a second, If we want to say in English 'split of a second'.
This incidence should happen easily. Because such an important incident and it is last incident in evolution.
We take breath, and sleep after thinking and doing therapy.
If we correct these thing, then half people may destroy.
as much as anything impotant in ourself are 'sahaj'.
'Sahaj' 'Saha' means with and 'j' means born.
'sahaj' means the thing which is born with us. or our birthright is only yoga.
So in the end, what we are must happen, what must happen.
I often say many people that some things are good only if you not work hard at them.
they get surprised, that how shri could say like this.
But can we call the god by doing hard work?
If a drop of water say that, "I will do hard work and call the ocean." then it is impossible. the ocean must descend to take the drop within itself.
It is so. if we say, we do hard work, stand on head or we will do some running then they will not find god.
God will not find by these Efforts. ut if you are stable, religious. and you are on the middle path, and not very much in anything
This incident should happen easily to such people.
Like a tree bearing a fruit, first only single fruit will bear when tree is small.
After 2-3 more fruits will come on the tree but atlast tree will Bloom and many flowers became fruit.
And today is a special time. this was supposed to happen in kaliyuga, and it happening, and it will happen.
I cant understand, why is there so much excitment about it?
I really surprised, when people say why like this, like that?
If I say, here is a diamond. will you think? First you will go and ring the diamond, right.
If I say, everything that is acquired by birth. it will receive you today by sahajyoga. then why you are confused?
Many incarnation came in the world to make the this event happen.they were prepared you for this event.
How it was done? I will show you here , seeit and try to understand it.
What do you see as an external body, is by means of what?
If we ask doctors, What is parasympathetic nervous system?
Then, they will say it is autonomous nervous system.
It means self driven but who is the self?
We dont know about that.(doctors will say this). Atleast they are honest about this.
(Doctors say) We dont know how it wil run, how it will work out.
Means, after we ate food, Who digest our food?
How do we keep our breathing going so smoothly?
In that also If you run then heart processing will increase.
And then start pulpitation, you can do that. but who will slow down that?
If you ask to the doctors, Who will do this action? then the doctors will say, "we cannot tell that because it is beyond our science".
Same like that, In psychology also so many people did experiments and they proved, there is an energy which omnipresent.
They called this energy as Universal unconscious. And she comes to you in your dreams and guides you.
And guidance would come in the form of symbols.
If we can see the one type triangle then it can be seen same from here and australia and also for america the meaning will be same.
But they also tell same thing after reached at one state that we cannot tell anything about this.
We can see only outer part but internally how it looks and how it working, we cannot see that.
Our india is very big country. We should proud that really it is a ig country because it is a yogbhumi.
The people from this place have never paid much attention to wordly or material things.
They always think about,
why human being came in to this world?
how he came? from where he came? What is the meaning of him?
And by working hard and meditating your ancestors earned this and they found this.
Only the difference is, it was not executed,and today it executing by our hands.
For example today we can see the electricity, this electricity has big history.
After working very hard for the several years on this then some one can find out that electricity can be produced in this way.
After finding about electricity if that person stored it himself only, then today can you believe that edison and newton was the big personalities.
Common people should get Every exploration of physical things. In the same way this Spiritual exploration also everyone should get. otherwise no one will believe.
In the same way, We learned Humans are eavluated from ameobs and it is true.
But every ameoba was not changed Human, Every Fish was not become Reptile and every reptiple was not transformed to its higher state.
In that also selection will be there.
Because of that selection we get evolution of human state.
If there is any next stage in this evolution where we have to reach, and so many people talked about that stage. Then there is also selection should be done.
And this selection is happen. If 10 people come in sahajyoga then may be 2 people will not get seleted.
Now we were in kovullem, there Government of india organized our program. That means first time government of india has some maturity because they arranged our program in kovullem.
And There.... News reporters were arrived. Now News reporters means we all know what quality they are. some reporters are very strange.
And as soon as they arrived, they told us, "give us alchohol, otherwise we will not attend any event.Our fees decided." etc.
When they started doing this, I told them directly, "You dont print anything about me. Just get out from here. We want dont want anything from you."
Then they all are angry on that. And they printed Wrong information about sahajyoga. But in that also I gave realization to some of them.
Due that some people wrote good about sahajyoga and some people wrote wrong information.
whatever you write good or bad but truth cannot push back. because Truth stand on Truth only.
If you did mistake because your pettieness and stupidity then also Truth is Truth only.
When Out of ten people eight people will get realization then this is Reality and it should be done.
And we can see the proof for that in different terms.
First I will tell about, What is the Kundalini? and how we can get the proof for that also I will tell you.
Now, Everyone can see this?
Now You all are listening to me. Whatever I speak it will come in to your mind. and all this went and sit here.
In this way This left side is known as Ida nadi also this is known as chandra nadi nd in Hath yogaitis known as THA nadi.
This is that power of god because which our existance made.
If you believe this , then I will say it is the power of lord shiva.
This is the power of lord shiva and in sanskrit language we can call this power of mahakali.
This is the power of mahakali now doctors will say that mahakali is not present at our place.
But our sanskrit language was written thousand years before english language. and these things were found thousand before sanskrit language.
Thats why English people not that much capable to treat us
(claping sound)......Because of the Ida nadi from our left side our Existence started.
Our existence depend on this( ida nadi). and when we dont have an existence we will get destroyed thats why so many people called it as destroying power.
And after going upward this right side energy will go to left side and left side energy will go to right side.
Now using this right side energy we do physical work.
And because of this (right side)state we do intellectual work.
That means future plans, what we can say that we have to organize this, or we have to make it proper.
Or else womens also think that tommorrow we have to pickles or crackers, etc. like all the other things which include future planning, all are done with this( right side energy) power.
Also all the physical works, for example if we decide to go for running tommorrow , this can done from this energy (right side).
We can called it as mental and physiacal existence or whatever other work, we can use it for that.
Now the energy at the centre is known as 'sushumna'. This energy flows in to the 'sushumna nadi'.
We saw the workforce of the god, obviously it works from pingala nadi.
And because of the sushumna nadi placed at the centre, our evolution done. because that only religion established within us.
Now, carbon has 4 valencies. If any chemistry professiors among us they know in periodic laws everything is fixed perfectly.
We get surprised how each element is fixed perfectly.
carbon have 4 valaencies or gold color never destroy it is the religion of gold.
Likewise human being Dharma is also made from the sushumna channel.
First dharma will made and then evolution of dharma will be done. By changing and changing the dharma eveolution will take place.
Their difference between our dharma and gold dharma. and Their is difference between our dharma and animal dharma.
But now after human dharm is done, what is next step of that?
This is beyond religion and beyond quality. that means the three qualities just now I told you they are,  Tamogun, Rajogun, sattvagun.
We go beyond the qualities after coming to human vagina.
That means now human come at this point where he just want to know his meaning.
He should connect with his omnipresent energy, and for that which energy is present within us is known 'KUNDALINI'.
This kundalini sitted in three and half coils in that.
but it is like tape, in tape records and what is their in our past like our good deeds and also our bad deeds whatever we deed all is present in that.
Not only about this life also about many lifes records are there in the kundalini.
This kindalini situated within us below here.
Likewise their is a plant in his seeds in the same way in human being this seed or your mother take irths with you in your every life.
And she is waiting for that time when this work will happen and you will get rebirth.
In ancient days 1 or 2 people get realized. We know that, we have not heard many people will become saint at a time or they get realized.
people have knowledge that means we read 'dnyaneshawari' and 'geeta'. but very few people get realization.
And thats why too much scams get disclosed.
if we want to follow any religion or any spiritual practice, first our connection should be done with the spirit.
But it is very strange that people dont know about this small thing also.
If you dont know about spirit and if you will get connected to spirit then cannot know anything about god.
Likewise, I must have eyes to see this beautiful hall, In the same if until the eyes of your spirit become open you cannot coonect with the god.
That why today all religions get the wind.
Useless people took advantage of this.
They peole took us to the different path and today this situation arrived, not only in our country but youth in each and every country not ready to believe in god.
We know about the Algeria country , where musalman people living and they too much bigot, more than us.
And because this bogotry, their kids who are doctors and engineers.
they are telling that ," we dont want these foolish things, you people can waste your time in this foolish things, you do 5 times NAMAJ, or you go to KABA. but we are ready to fall in these things.this is too much for us."
At the same time one boy came to me in london. and I gave him realization.after giving realization I explained everything to him.
What is DHARMA? Who was the mohammad? how they help us in our evolution?
After that who is khrist? and beyond this what is the meaning of inacarnation of Shri ram and shri krishn?
And after that when he went back to his country, then he gathered all these boys and told them,"God is present there and omnipresent energy will be there, but these people dont know their own sprit  thats why they are doing everything blindlessly. But we can see that."
And he gave realization to 500 people. and in this way our sahajyoga started on time.
When that people left the Dharma and become superstitius. at that time our sahajyoga is at the centre. where you will get actual proof of the god.
Now this kundalini is situated here is also told by saint dyaneshwar maharaj. also most of work done by shri markandeya swami.
And also Adishankaracharya did very big work. he explained everything very beautiful, clear and in deep manner.
But I am getting surprised because no one will read the books of aadishankaracharya.
Not only this, But when I went to kovullem at that time he was living in kerala and his life he spent in kaleri village from kerala.
And I get surprised when people from that are place are telling that, we dont know, about aadishankaracharya.
Because of the English education system people have this much ignorance.
To see the benefits of english education system, you can go to england and see that.
And we forgot our all things because we are became secular state. means..
If total ignorance of dharma is the sign of secular state, then it(secularism) spread among us.
In our country Dharma estalished by very intense study and meditation.and sign for that given.
We can rule over whole world by the truth of the Dharma, we can do love regain.
And also we know that, there is curiosity about our country in the whole world.
We know that many people are coming to our country to see the work of truth.
We made imposters for them(foreigners) also. and they are robbing them.and they will never enter in to the trustworthy places.
The day before yesterday we take them to musalwadi then our followers are telling me that, "shri mataji only beacuse of the blessing of sahajyoga only we have harmony among us. we came to india so many times, but we cannot speak to indians, and if we spoke then only the people who are adapted western culture and who can talk englishbetter than kembridge, thats why we were fraustrated with this country."
And today these people really surprised by seeing your culture and your meditation. and the feel that, they should bow down at you feet.
By seeing this love celebration also the get surprised, and they thought that we forgot everything in that english education.
Their love and numness of their heart or devotion and belief whatever is their all get vanished. that should not happen here.
But it is happening and it is really very sad thing. before independance we were stick to our culture but as soon as we get freedom we think that we are free now thats why we can bahave as we want.But it will not happen.
Because if human cannot attent this state(realization) then should he go to animal state? this is the question in my mind.
May be he will go to devil state. beacuse next stage  is to be superhuman then how he can go to animal state.
And if they went to animal state then they will go to that animals who are not human as well as not animal.
This evolution state is totally happened within us. and different stages are made of that evolution.
In first step the very first chakra,situated within us we can see here at the bottom in square shape is muladhar chakr.
Now in this also many people take their own imagination.
In india there no lack of imagination. any one start taking on spirituality.
Because no one can catch them. there is no proof for that. Who saw that he is the teacher.
Who saw that they start taking lectures and lectures on that and thousands of people sitting for the lecture and I dont know what he talks and what people listen and what is the use of that.
Only the thing is you should see how much money you had before attending lecture and how much left behind after lecture. apart from this you will not get anything.
On this chakra which is known as Muladhar chakra, god shri ganesha placed by almighty god.
But now, the question is there is ganapati present in our scripture or not?
Some doctors put the ganapati photoraph in the home  ut if I say some diseses will cure by parying shri ganesha then they will get surprised. they thought how is it possible?
They all know some materialistic and mediacal things. but if shri mataji says, because of shri ganesha some diseases will cure means what, is it true? ut it will happen.
But you must have authority. What is the relation established between you and shri ganesha? Nothing, if you put one photograph at a corner means that is not worshipping of shri ganesha.
Just talking about shri ganesha means not worshipping shri ganesha.
But what is shri ganhesha? and how to know about shri ganesha? till you learn about that. till you get the authorityfrom god to know about shri ganesha.
Till then you cannot know,why almighty god put this shri ganesha within us?
Now shri ganesha is the sign of purity. God made purity in this world and put ganpati as a god of purity.
We will get surprised, and no one will believe in this kaliyuga that god created first purity in this world.
And after that, because God is the father and also ocean of kindness and ocean of love. Not only this but he is also full of compassion.
He thought that, if my children should get supreme happiness. then first I should put very precious thing. and thats why he put Purity first.
Same purity is present within us by shri ganesha.
Now If I want to talk about shri ganesha then I have to give one lecture and it is too big. thats why we will just bow down to him and we will go next.
above that(muladhar) chakra is swadhishtan chakra this is also placed within us by God.
We do any work with this chakra. for example art, thinking
after that,Whatever creative power present in the world is used by swadhishtan chakra.
Now because of swadhishtan chakra within us, we do art work or we think about future or we do planning etc. all stress of these work is on this (swadhishtan) chakra.
We thought that, we think using our brain. that is correct but from where does the fat present in brain comes?
In our stomach, swadhishtan chakra make this fat and provide it to the brain.
Now, who is overthinking person and always do planning, he will become diabetic.
What is the reason? beacuse of overthinking, this person give stress to that(swadhishtan) chakra.
And the second work of that chakra is take care of our splean, pancreas, kidney,utreus.
Now the chakra having two works and if you give load of single work only then there will be imbalance and you will have diabetice.
A village person will not have diabetice, but white collor people will motly get diabetice because they always think.
Now,planning also. If we understood planning of god rather than planning of a humans, then he will not have to take these efforts, to sit and do planning.
First you should understand God, the omnipresent energy of the god do all planning by herself.
So if you understand his planning, then your all work will beautiful and perfect.
Instead of that, if you will do planning, then their is options on your resolution. and because options we can see the result of planning of our country.
So, If I will say that, humans cant do,anything.God will do everything. then people mataji say something.
But we are not a single living work.
We will get surprised, What are the work we are doing? now their is dead stones, we brought it, and put here and layed tiles.
Trees are dead and we made gallaries from that and we are saying we deed very great work.
Can we do a single living work? can sprout a single seed?
Can we make a seed? then why we are speaking boastful that we do this, we do that? you are not doing anything.
Everything is dead work. put this here or there. what is the special difference in that?
This is useless work, Infact because of doing this work again and again humans become slaves of material things.
Now for example, who can sit in the chair only for example our foreigners get in troule some times because they had habbit of sitting on chair so that they cant sit on the floor.
Now people sitting on chair are sitting on head ...(laughing sound)... So I said, "you all walk around in our village with the chairs." I dont understand what will happen to you.
Left sitting on the floor. Each and every habbit like this  so that our materialism will increase and it will sit on our head.
It' s meaning not that you should take renunciation of the world. you shuld not take another meaning. when I tell this people will go to become asceticism.
No need to take renunciation. you should get married. Marriage system is made by god only. You should take care of your childrens but you should live with sanctity.
In our sahaj,arrangements are done for common people.
We cant give realization to ancestors. If someone came to us in Ancestors dress, then we will tell them go and wear normal cloths and then come to me.
There is no need to go here and their by sticking this advertisements....(laughing sound)
Renunciation is done in ourself only. and by sticking these advertisemnets and speaking boastful is the sign of monkey.
Humans should not go with this fullish things. is is really wrong.
Like this only, Many gurus also their. who surfing here and their being ancestors and thelling that we are very big gurus.
We have to put these people out of the village border.
Seeta said in valmiki ramayana, that if any ancestor come at the doorstep then we have to put him out of the village border. only one day we have to put him their second day we have to tell him get out.
We are gentleman people. what is the relation between us. you are ancestors go and sit in the forest. what is the need to come here.
That means how to live on anothers money. this paracetic life. and no place for that, in our sahjyoga.
If yo anyone from you an ancestor then our salute to you, we cant do anything for you.
If you get married like common people, that means batchlors also have chance....(laughing sound). our sahjyoga is only for them.
Because these people are balanced. they have parents, childrens in their house so he has limitations. he do something in proper way.
Who dont have parents, came from any orphanage. or who dont know what is limitations.
How he will get realization? because of limitations only human get binded.and because of that only he will get success.
You saw that same for trees also. When seeds start sprouting then we have to put limitations, we have to tke care of that.
Now a days pschological system also tell that, whrever family systems are disturbed there childrens will become useless.
And also in this world reason behind all the wars is their families get disturbed. their houses broken.
They dont have parents. they surfing like orphans and thats why all these thing happened. this is the conclusion from psychological system.
So, the second chakra which is called as swadhishtan chakra. here Shri brahmdev and his energy Shri sarswati devi present.
But the kundalini shakti is virgin gauri shakti, we all know, how gauri made shri ganesha.
And how she told him to stay outside the door. from this we get to know that ganesha sees the sanctity of gauri.
In english it is called as protocol. he(ganesha) dont have any role in kundalini intersection.
He dont have an intersection, he just sit their and raise this. now the people who attack on shri ganesha.
Shri ganesha in which chakra, the pelvik plexes run by that.
Though in subtle system it is known as muladhar chakra but it is run by pelvik plexes.
And sex also balanced by this pelvik plexes.
Small child dont know about sex. thats why a small boy who always will be small, the shri ganesha situated there.
Now the dirty people, In your pune also one gentleman is there.who taught dirty thing that, if you want to awake kundalini you to do it by these dirty ways.
So we have to bring to notice them. But after this also they will aware of this. they dont have  mother and sister.
But when shri ganesha sat their to protocol your mother kundalini. and then also if we are telling this dirty things then we are doing very dirty behaviour with our mother only. we have to notice this.
Every indian hate this dirty things. and in our country many people do these things and they destroyed our country by doing these dirty things.
Any person who took birth from his mother womb and she is alive then she cannot tolerate these dirty things.
We have to notice that. the dirty people who talk about dirty things and keep you away from sacred.we have put them in sea or send them to other country.
We dont have to listen them. but it is surprised that many indians even I heard that many  ministers also go to this dirty people.
Now I am surprised, how can you elect this kind of people? In our country, if we dont know about mother and if we forget that who is the mother? then nothing will be there in this country.
Atleast we should know, Mother is very sacred. and she gave us sanctity in our life.
And we should understand who talk the dirty things about mother, how much dagerous they are for our country.
Now next chakra which is situated above this(swadhishtan chakra) is called Nabhi chakra.
It is also called as manipur chakra. and on this chakra shri Laxmi narayana sitting.We know the laxmis essence.
Laxmi narayan establish dharma within us.
Wethink that this person have laxmi, means he is very reach.But there is big difference between laxmi and money.
Money not laxmi and laxmi not the money. One of the aspect of laxmi is money and luxury.But laxmi format is very different.
Now,I will tell you about laxmi in short. Beacuse if we have to tell about this much chakra is really difficult.
We saw laxmi, her one hand is like this and second hand is like this. and lotus is present in her both the hands.
That means, who is laxmipati his heart should be like lotus inpink color.
That means he should have love,kindness and also in his house beauty should be there like lotus.
In his heart, his behaviour, beauty should be like lotus.
Likewise. a weed also go and sit in the lotus. though Lotus to prick with thorns but lotus cover it.
And In the night time by covering him lotus let him sleep peacefully.
But laxmipati is number one angry person ,I think. So instead calling him as laxmipati we can call him only rich person (person with more money).
Nowdays laxmipati not their but in our time, means when we were young like you we saw laxmipati( a person blessed with laxmi mata).
You people are unlucky regarding this. you can see only rented people(conjusted mindset people). but really in our time we saw such great people.whom we can say really laxmipati.
Now in second hand charity is there. there must needless charity should done by this persons hands.
And from this hand shelter is there. we should live with this shelter. We should call them as Laxmipati.
Also, laxmi is like mother. So that person heart should be like mother. Like this we had established laxmi in our country from eternity. such great country is ours.
Such Ideas will come to these materialistic people mind? they are doom people. Will it e come to their minds?
They cut the throat of others for single penny. This is heritage we got.
This heritage should not leave. We should live with proud in that. though we are poor but we are very reach by heart. We should remember this.
Human Will not be reach by poverty and wealth. he is reach by his heart.
Now, We are wealthy at my father house. and my husband is also to reach.
But, If you tell us to live in a hunt, we will comfortably. we can sleep onthe road also.
Beacuse we are enjoying. We dont want anything. The person who dont want anything that' the real man.
He is the king. otherwise who has needs he sees others with jealousy.
So this is the very big blessing of laxmi at our nabhi chakra and we should take care of this laxmi.We should be courteous.
And that courteousness is still preserved by people in our country. still they know that money is not everything beyond that dharma is very big thing.
And living righteously, living righteously means not going in temple and doing parroting.
And in this land of saints, many guru came and they discussed many things about, what is dharma?
We should be grateful to this gurus. but we not listening to anything.
Among them 10 main gurus are their. and they came to this world many times. from them mohmmad sahb was wtness of shri Datttreya.
After mohmmad sahb, nank is also incarnation of their (shri dattatreya). Janak also incarnation of them. also Adinath and all who came before mahaveera they also incarnation of them (Shri dattatreya).
After that Infact, We are so lucky, mostly people from Ahmednagar because shirdi sainath who live here in shirdi, he was also incarnation of dattatreya.
Only guru principle come many times in the world.and he taught many thing about balancing of dharma.
They dont talk much about realization and self knowledge.
The main thing they is that dont drink alchohol.
May be they are silly or the people who write negative things about alchohol they are silly.
Not drinking the alchohol is very scientific thing. The day before yesterday I was telling to chemistry professor about this and they should not drink alchohol.
Alchohol and cancer both are the same things. the OH present in that are same for Alchohol and cancer.
So in that, whatever heat created in you because of working.
That cannot flow from your blood vessels. beacause it cannot abosr its water or OH. because its method will change.
And thats why, different kind of heat will be collected in your stomach and liver.
Now if I tell you that cancer is cured by sahajyoga only not any other thing. and we cured it.
Now we cured a cancer patient in london and his wife is a very famous doctor. and she telling that you should talk about this in our mediacal college. now lets see what will happen after going there.
So in that, too much heat was released from the body of that lady.In london too much cold is there but still she kept all doors open. and telling that, "too much heat coming out from my body." And everyone thought that heater is present their.
Same thing happenwith alchoholic person. who drink alchohol, heat is collected in his liver and kidney. and then his blood vessels become harden.
Now, they told dont drink. Now If I tell you this, then you wont listen to me.
Instead of that, no one will come. The day before yesterday I told them to take oath that they will not drink thenhalf of the people left from here.
I just told them to take oath. Not told to give money for that. But only telling that half people left away.
Now alchohol is such harmful thing. So any mother could tell to harm yourself.Come ox and heat me.(this is common phrase used in marathi the meaning is harming self knowingly.)
Money waste for that, also you saw a drunk person. actually we saw three accidents on the way. among them one drunk person was lying on road.
And we this daily. But some people told me in india alchohole is increased. thats why I am surprised.
So, What we are achieving sitting this thing on our head? the alchohol who is the biggest enemy of us.
But still in sahajyoga we wont tell to leave anything. just now Mr. chavhan said, "shri mataji wont tell to leave anything." and that is true. But after realization you will left it.
Now these people come from foreign. We made 300 people in london very beautiful.Apart from that thousands of people took realization. But these 300 people are very beatiful.
Many of them were alchoholic and consume drugs. But in this everything left. But how?
It is like,When get to know spirit, when he enjoying inner happiness. then he dont suggest all these things. everything will left automatically.
This happiness is very different. We cant suggest any other things in front of this happiness.
That means, you should drink such a alchohole which will not come down and when drink that then you will forget allother things.
After that , When your laxmi principle will awaken, then a big work will be done.
And that is , your financial condition will improve. people will get surprised and they thought, " what mataji telling? How it is possible? our economic condition is bad and how our financial condition will improve?"
But because of laxmi principle the things will associate like that, the financial condition will change.
Like wise, Our students came from there, I asked them  How you can leave like this? because they dont anything. But after they come to me got their realization their conditions changed.
I aksed them, How can you buy this? then they said," We left consuming alchohole that why, half of the money was spend on alchohol. Now why we want, dearness allowances? to consume alchohol.
It is not like that you dont have anything to eat. but in that also, when you take alchohol you laxmi will go off.
Why we will not made statues of any drunk person? because they are not in that condition.
And thats why, they prohibited Alchohol, cigarette and many other things. and it is very important.
We cannot understand importance of awareness. it is really important for us. because it goes against awareness.
The awareness from which we can understand the god. We should consider that,The thing which goes against awareness. that will how much hazardous and bad.
Now the chakra above that (Nabhi) is called as heart chakra
Heart chakra, because it is situated near to heart and at centre of lungs. It is very imortant because on this chakra jagdamba mata's place is their.
Whenever human got scared, he will rememer to her mother. But when he get to know that your mother is mother of world.
she tremendous powerful. Whatever will happen, but she will protect you. But heard so many things about Jagdamba. Mnay devils killed by her.
She did many things. Also, once she started dancing frantically then the god shankar thought, what will happen now? If Mother will disturbed and then what about her childs? And when he put a small kid below her feet then she take out her tounge. We read this. And this is true.
And we can feel this in our life. When we feel insecure at that time our heart bits will increase.
The reason behind incresed heart bits is our this chakra(anahat) will get confused.
From there, that energy will destroy or get lost.
Specially the people who has demon possession they also have this situation.
When this chakra will enlighten Then person security will increase.
Now many womens have breast cancer. And people think breast cancer means something that happen because any other reason but the main reason is that women feel insecure then she will get breast cancer.
Also many have breathing issues. We cured many breathing issues.
Kashmir governor mr. bhagvan sale sahe. he has breathing issue from 25 years but we cured it in 5 minutes.
If you cured this chakra by giving vibrations then person will cure permanently.
Because when his chakra is cured immediately jagdamba will wake up and then his insecurity will destroy and he lives very peacefully.
Above that chakra is Vishuddhi chakra. Which is most important chakra because human changed from animal to human due to this chakra only.
He raised his neck from down to up and their he became human. And we should not bow this neck in front of anyone.
It should not bow down in front of untruth. But if almighty god is their or the person who is commendable then you should bow down you neck.
And always we get underfoot of anyone. then may be he is devil or anything else. We should not put our hand below everyone.
You should not ow down to my feet also. Till you get any identity you should not come to feet.
But we have two types experiance, When we were in London people think that, Why should we come to the feet of mataji? But every work will done by our feets only then, What can I do?
So the have this problem that. Why should we come to the feet of shri mataji? After realization also.
Here in village I told them, Now dont want any optics.Then everyone become sad, and telling "mataji not given optics." So these two opposite points.
So,I want tell you wisely that, Human is an animal Specially created in high altitude.
S o he should not bow down to everyone. Also this is the place of clossal. Clossal means all this.
same like this almighty god is everything, like us and in that we are small-small cells.
These cells which we are only created like god only.When these cells awakened then they get to know clossal.
Now this clossal state recognised from here. Now the people who eat tobacco, Now in nagar I dont see Tobacco ripen much but everyone living here eat tobacco.
So, from where this tobacco came, I dont know. But womens also eat that black color something.So what is that and from where it came, I dont know.
But because of that tobacco this chakra of people stick like this, their kids have cough their kids have cough and so on.And they also have breathing problems. all this happen because of tobacco.
But, no one will listen, If we will tell that left tobacco. but in sahajyoga they have to do it.And people told many comedy incidents regarding how it(Tobacco) will escape.
One Sahjyogi was their, He was very active in sahajyoga but he cant left tobacco. one day when I went their then also he eat tobacco and I noticed that But I ignored.
Then he is telling me that, "Shri mataji my face is like shri Hanumana, my mouth starts blowing, I dont know why it is happening? Am I became hanumana in sahajyoga?"
Then I said, "now you tell me,do you eat tobacco or not?" then he said, "yes, We eat." and touch his ears (did action to forgive me). Then I said, " now promise me, I will exrtricate."
Try, little bit, because of realization it is not much necessary now. It exrtricated  already. And also unbuckle that less part. So that this face problem will solve. And after that he left it.
Like this In sahajyoga everything will cure easily. And too Naughty treatments are there. And everyone should see happyli.
After this, Vishuddhi chakra has too much importance because 16000 Channels are dependent on it.
So you should notice that, When You smoke easily buying a cigarette with a penny, Then you are destroying 16000 channels.
And you dont know little it also, How all that tied together? and  they run from where and how?
And now in london many things happened, Doctors are telling and not only this but it is written on each and every cigarette that, 'Because of this you may die' But still people buy it.
"Hey you sit, Did you smoke? no right then you sit." who smoke they can left.
I am not telling that you should unuckle it now only.(Laughing). I know Who smoke? and who dont smoke?(Laughing again)
Now, due cigarette many people get cancer and  many things but people cant left it because habits cannot left easily.
Only we have to understand it by kind heart and when we cure our vibrations it will left automatically and easily.
And after he left all these habits, human will come in such enviroment, which we can tell that 'kingdom of god'.
The chakra above this is the agnya chakra. So I told you that every religion is the flower of the same tree.
And we argue unnecessary that, this is my flower and that is my flower. Different different people raised by one energy did the work in this world.
Just now I told you 10 gurus came. Same like that, this chakra, which is placed here on the head is called as agnya chakraon that shri mahvishnu place.
Now who is this mahavishnu? we can know that if we read devi mahatmya.
And its principle is shri ganesha principle. That means if one side of the coin is ganesha then another side is the place of mahavishnu.
And mahavishnu took incarnation only once and that is shri yeshu khrist. That means khrist is none other than mahavishnu.
And if you read about khrist then you will surprise because it is same as mahavishnu. it described as it is.
And khrist mother, merry was the none other than radha.
It is descried in mahavishnu description that Radha made her son by herself only and his father was shri krishn thats he called as khrist.
No one understood there about why khrist known as khrist?because from the word krishi the krishn word is formed.
Krishna did hard work and its fruit is the khrist.
And it is also decsried in that, krishna gave his 16th authority to his son
Also he will be the base of the whole world. and he will show to the world said by shri krishna.
'NAINAM CHHINDATI SHASTRANI NAINAM TINDATI PAVAKA'(sanskrit shloka by said by shri krishna). as per this shloka Khrist will show to the world that this power cannot destroy by anyhing.
And it to be saved in rebirth.
So all these people living together. And we are quarreling with each other unnecessary.
And everyone get to know about it after realization. And after that we get to know how to use everyone.
And altogether because of his help omnipresent power will help us like that we also erase all petty ideas we will become global human.
The next Energy centre Above this energy centre the Sahastrar.
When Kundaini will piercing this chakra then only we can say that human got self realization.
Khrist called it as Baptisam and mohammad called is as peer.
In every religion said that we should get our realization.But in that also many misunderstandings happened Realization means not only the birth.
When he get his rebirth then only we can called as 'dwij'.Now here if we say 'brahman' then we will hire him or we can do anything.
But they dont have essense of brahmin. They are not brahmin by birth. Who got their rebirth or realization they are only the brahmins.
And in this point of view we can call "chokhamela' as brahmin. and we can call many brahmins as petty.This is the situation.
Now the day before yesterday I went to pune for the program. So the program was arranged in brahmin assembly.
Then they get to know that Mataji is not a brahmin so they told, "We will not allow mataji to conduct program here".
Then we told them, "see everyone know about the mataji and if you not allow us to conduct program then it will come in news papers and your name will spoil."Then they ok, If you arranged here program then do that.
Then they agreed.These people(sahajyogis) not told me anything about it,
but when I started program then I asked, "If any brahmin is here sitting in front of me then please stand up." and then 3-4 people stand up and told, 'ye we are brahmins'.
Then I told them to put their hands in front of me then their hands starts shaking.Then I asked them, What is happening to you. Then they told, " shri mataji you are shakti, thats why we are moving."
Then I told them , " yes I agree I am the Energy, But only you people moving not others, why?" they told, " these two people also moving." Ask them from where they came? then they(brahmins) get to know that other two  peple who are moving were came from mental hospital.
So only we should not be egoistic. Dont think we are such great people. You should become great people. That should happen.
And this lie people harasse saints. We know how these people harassed saint dnyaneshwar.
After that at our place also they harassed shirdi saibaba.
they had not left a single place to harasse saints. Not only this but Adi shankarcharya's mother died then he went to his home.
and he told i want to do funeral rituals. Then people told, " no you cant do because you are ascetic.
No one came for the funeral in kanedi village then he (shankaacharya) cut banana tree and he did funeral of his mother.
And he cursed kerala people that, " You will do funerals in front of your home only." and today also it happens.
In this way, all these unauthorised people insults saints.Not only in our country but in all the countries it happened.
Even if you see at the time of mohmmad saheb, people harssed him too much. If you think aout that then we to know, dnyaneshwar maharaj was also not harassed this much.
So all these people who harassed all the saints, today also they sit on the chairs with all rights and moving here and their with tagline we are  big ascetic.
We should not entertain these people. In our sahajyoga big revolution happen.
And it is because, real form the religion is expose and religion will estalish totally. So people get to know that about all these fake people and they are not entertaining them.
Tradition means, to become silly is not useful.
By which tradition human will become wise and he will come upper level and lighten up in spirituality, that is only the good tradition.
And you will get surprised, these people not allow to live a saints.
Common people lifted them. They hold on to thinness to Khrist also.
Common people accepted them but these people not accepted saints.
Some people have objection on me me also (laughing) but we are different kind. So they cant do anything to me.
The day before yesterday one gentleman brought a lady with him and that lady was having epilepsy problem.
So always I tell bring the people having problem after asking me.because with me some ghost energy people start shaking.
So I told, dont ring them without asking me.and again he has epilepsy attack.
I told them," why you brought her without asking me? Now she get epilepsy attack, If told me first then I keep watch on her, and may be this will not happen.unnecessary disturbance in my lecture."
Then they get up and started politics. they are telling, " we are brahmins And we are worshippers. you are saint and saints should service people." ThenI said, "ok, and after that we should slapped by your shoes.Get out from here."
But they are not ready to go.Then I told them, "Be cautious, If you come here again?" And always forced saints but this time we wont allow none of them. So much happened.
Then they went. In this way not only they harassed but also hectored them. like 'saint should do everything for people. If people hit them 10 times then they should be victim. because we are very smart and spiritual people.
In this way they did too much injustice with the saints Then also common people only saw everything.
They(common people) opposed for this then they also harassed but then also common people always recognized saints.
And also they worshipped saints. So our work is for these common people like us.
Now the above chakra which is sahastrar chakra has 1000 petals But the doctors will say, "no,900 something, what we can say 2 less than 1000 petals are their.
This is the debt.I say, "their may be 998 or 1000, what is the problem?"
And because of this reason they are telling, we are not ready to do sahajyoga and they left.What we can call to these silly people?
For these people only I did medicine. Because I have to talk with them so I have to learn it.
Now two wise doctors came with us. One russian and one is parsi doctor who lived in london for many years and did practice and also he is psychologist.
All educated people come here and they studied your culture and
Not only this but they studied about each and every god and meaning of the god. Means when  I sit to teach them sahajyoga they put whole univesity in front of me.
And they sorted everything. I gave 84 lectures to them.
But they sorted everything, what is this? whatis that? which god seated on which chakra? what should we do for this problem?How to raise kundalini? What is problem of that? Where it stuck? and many other thing they collected information about in detail. Now you people will learn from them because we always learn from english people only.
(Clapping sound) You dont believe mataji's knowledge.So I bring them with me.
But, You don't have an idea that what a big gift in the form of our great culture we got.
And really what wecan say useless education system, In which you dont know anything.
What is truth? what is omnipresent energy? Dont have any idea about this. dont have thought about it.
So, If you praise western culture by  this useless education system, Then we can saythis much beauty and wealth is at home then also you are interested in begging.
Now when kundalini break the sahastrar chakra then you can experiance collective consciousness. means you will get experiance not the lecture.
In english we can say that actualisation. You will experiance it. experiance means you will get wiseness.
Your consciousness will become wise. This vibrations starts flowing from your hand.
After That, in this finger you get to know which chakra is catched yours and others also. ecause when you come to your source then you get to know source of others also.
Now, here we showed, but in other image we show which chakra placed on which finger.On which finger which chakra is placed on right side and left side and how to clear it.
Means a small kid also can tell you which chakra catched. My four year old granchild she is realized by born. Now a days many kids are realized by born and for god sake my four grand childrens are like that only.
And among them youngest one who is 2 and half year old only. one of girl from them(foreigners)went to her and aksed her,"anupama tell me my which chakra is caughed?" then she told, she dont know much english but then also she told, "you left vishuddhi and nabhi is caugh."
And she shocked, because a 2 and half year old girl telling about catches she asked me, " mataji how it is possible?" Then I told." it is subjective knowledge."
This knowledge come from inner side. Now how we get to it is cold and it is hot? in the same way they know about that only we have to tell them names of chakras.
They will tell you, "see this chakra catching and that chakra is catching."
not only this But before coming here we went anoter place from nagar when we are coming to nagar one lady was sitting in front and she is moving like this,
Then I asked her," you have any problems in delivery time?" then she said yes. Her finger was shaking in front of me and this finger this chakra control the uterus. That means swadhishtan chakras controls the uterus.
That means swadhishtan chakras controls the uterus. When we tell this, They will ask, Mataji how you know?
But we can see everything in front of me. If this happen within us, and this can happen wiithin us. And it should happen within us.
Immediately it happens you will get collective consciousness. It will not happen by telling you that we all are siblings.
Everything present in this world is present in this body only. Whatever you are that is we only.
That means, the feeling of favour is machinery feelings, they are useless.
Because, If our this finger get damaged then we can cure it by doing this.
If you are the part and parcel of me then if I am curing your then what is favour I am doing in that.
In This state it is not necessary to tell that these are our siblings, it should happen.Immediately we rub our figers here.
Now many childrens put their fingers in the mouth. Many psychologist dont have solution for that but we know, If the kid is realized then he will put only that in their mouth which you have catches on the chakra.
Now one 11 month girl was their and she is telling, this chakra caught and that chakra caught.
Their finger tell them because they have tingling or firing sensation in that. and they will do like this by their hand.
Now this science is modern and and special. It is the science to know god. it is very big.
And we should get to know this energy. And it is present within us. Only we have to awaken it.
And many people take objection on this. They are telling kundalini jagaran is the most difficult work.
They are telling,"kundalini jagaran is the most difficult work.And while doing that we jump like frog."and many more things they are telling.
Now one gentleman sitting  by lifing up his legs in front of me. Then other people told them, " you cat sit like this in front of mataji." then he is telling, " let me sit like this or else I will jump like a frog.
Then I asked him," why you are thinking that?" then he told me, " My guru told me after kundalini jagaran I will jump like frog."
ThenI asked, " he was jumped like frog?" then he replied, yes. (mataji laughing). Now I should made you frog?
Istead of making you super human make you frog. Some people saying that '"roaring like lion" and so many things.
We realized thousands of people. I was travelled many countries like Russia, chili kolambia, argentiana,china, Iran, Iraq, italy countries which we tell mediterian countries also I travelled And I gave realization but I dont see any of the humans are jumping like frog.
And Everything went well. May be some of them felt warmth but no one had much prolems.
We can say 100 out of 99 people dont have much problems.
May be some of them felt warmth in their hands. Some people opinion on that, "it is very difficult."
But Suppose we made this difficult thing easy for you. So their is some thing special within us. Without that, it is not possible.
it is difficult, So we get certificates. So we should know that, something should happen thats why mataji searched tis thing.
Istead telling mataji searched, you should think that mataji know something graet and she brought something great for us. She live us. We have rights on her, that why we rae getting this.
We should take this because it is our right. If you are sitiing here with this thinking then only you will not become egoistic. because immediately you will become egoistic.
Mostly people from the city. and nagar is the city thats why I have talk by scaring only. But it is not happen in case of people from village.
Our mumbai peoples are more special. because they have different mind set.
Above them delhi peoples are their, because they are sitting on power. But if they have any disease then they will come
Doctors or others also, Our president was suffering from cancer then I cured him, I went london fro him. They know.
Ut now he will not allow me to put this in news papers and publish anywhere else. Because it is not government work.So he will not do anything.
Like this many questions come in our mind. But then also we should get to know this is our mother work, our personal work.
We should not do any formalities in that.It is the simple work. I am your mother not your guru.
But then we should give respect to this. We should respect mother. And it should understand by us.
If you keepthis respect in you mind, then you get to know that you got very big thing in you life. it is you wealth of the many lifes.
But after that, human should arrange some things. Because If The people who are going die in the water we kept them in the boat then also they will suffer for some time.
Some people familiar with that, so we have practise some things and to know how to do that we opened centres near you. You can go there and you can ask them.
ANd it has very easy method. by which you many of the disese will cure.So you can cure your diseases and as well as our photo also have vibrations, so you can use that also.
And That people are very wise and they do such great work. And I dont have any about one day in nagar most of the sahajyogies will be there.
You invited me here. For that I thankful to you.(Clapping sound)
Now, who want to take realization, They can sit and those who dont want to take they can go.
We cant force anyone for that, because truth will not come to your feets.They dont want votes.
So, Who want it they sit here gratefully and who will get it they will get it.
By this your physical problems will solve.As soon your kundalini will rise
Now, Day before yesterday at vardha one person has brain tumor. as soon as his kundalini risen he cured.
Like this, sometimes it happen immediately. But it will not happen to all. I already told this.
Now at your rahuri one lady was their, she cant listen anything. And I told in her ears on mantra and at the same time she can hear everything.
So may be anyone made her bahira so as soon as I said mantra in her ears it went off and she can hear properly.
We are not telling any lie here. Beacuse we are not going give anything from you we are here to give you.Who want to take it they can take it who dont want to take this they can go. We dont feel bad for this.
Beacause I am a mother I feel everyone should get good thing.